webCal - A system for creating course calendars in HTML

INSTALL
-------
1. give the command 'make' in this directory
2. the executable webCal will then be in this directory,
   run as './webCal <inputfile>'.

DOCUMENTATION
-------------
A. General Principles
   1. usage: webcal <inputfile>
      The input file is a plain text file with calendar
      information as described below.  The resulting output
      will be an html file containing the calendar.  This
      file's name is determined by the "Options:" block
      (see below).
   2. The input file sytax follows typical unix conventions.
      Comments begin with # and run up to the next newline.
      The # can be escaped as \#.  Lines that end with \ are
      treated as continuing onto the next line.
   3. Input file processing is line-at-a-time.  The file
      consists of blocks that being with the line "Name:"
      and end with the line ":endName:", where "Name" is,
      of course, different for different kinds of blocks.
      The syntax and semantics of lines within a block are
      dependent on the kind of block.  Most blocks allow
      multiple copies to appear.
   4. Dates are generally in MM/DD/YYYY format (though this
      can be changed with the "day-first-dates" option).
      However, after the first full date, dates may be given
      in month/day format, and the year will be deduced.

B. Blocks
   1.  Options:
       The Options: block allows you to specify certain prop-
       erties of the parsing and processing of webCal.
       a. stylesheet <css-file-name>
          With this option the output html file will link to
          the specified css file.
       b. outfile <html-file-name>
          This option specifies the name of the html file webCal
	  generates.
       c. day-first-dates
          If this option appears, dates will be in DD/MM/YYYY.
   2.  Head:
       Any content here will appear in the head of the html file.
   3.  BodyBefore:
       Any content here will appear in the body of the html file
       before the calendar.
   4.  BodyAfter:
       Any content here will appear in the body of the html file
       after the calendar.
   5.  DateRange:
       First line should be start date of "the range", and second
       line should be end date. "The range" defines the dates over
       which content in Topics: blocks will be distributed.
   6.  Holidays(blocking):
       Each line ends in a date.  The line will be displayed in
       the calendar on that date, and the date will not be used
       for distributing topics.
   7.  Holidays(non-blocking):
       Each line ends in a date.  The line will be displayed in
       the calendar on that date.  The date will still be 
       available for distributing topics.
   8.  Virtual_Days:
       Day-of-week name followed by a date.  WebCal treats that
       date as being the given day-of-the-week as far as
       distributing topics.  So the line " Monday 6/23/20 "
       would treat Tuesday, June 6th 2020 as a Monday for
       scheduling purposes.
   9.  Modifications:
       Each line is a date followed by one or more Topics: id's.
       For example, if the Topics: block you were using was for
       lectures, you might give it the id "lec".  Then
       " 5/26/2020 lec lec " would tell webCal to distribute
       two elements from the "lec" Topics: block to 26 May, 2020.
   10. Topics:
       This is where the magic is ...
       